Th2 1570 (#8)
th2-net/th2-conn-generic: README.md

## Connect parameters and supported services types

> Each connect can support several service types and each one can have its own parameters to configure.

Reviewer: Each **connect extension** can support several service types and each one can have its own parameters to configure.

You can find the description for the available service types and their configurable parameters within subprojects folder.

## Release notes

+ 2.2.0

>   + Copy parent event id from incoming th2 message to the outgoing th2 message after sending

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  + Copies a parent event id from the incoming th2 message after it is sent to the outgoing th2 message
```
